okay do you remember when mommy bought
your present she bought you those dumb
dumb pops because mommy knew that you
are such a good boy
and mommy was heaven surgery yeah well
mommy wrote a wrote the company who
makes them a letter saying how awesome
you are and how good you've been during
mommy trying to get better and the
company sent you a present and I don't
know it but it's from the company
because they thought you were so awesome
Marge's yes yes my Scott hoager charity
are there for my brother I don't know
thank you buddy god bless Minami
strawberry are you excited yeah I am a
copy they got free
they said that you because they thought
you were so awesome I will hit lice they
thank you mommy mommy loves you you're
such an awesome boy a lot hurting a lot
are you so happy I am they think you
don't don't company thank you awesome
done done company